smart-contracts/burn-contract/README.md, before:

# Burn Contract

This smart contract keeps tokens as they were burned. Additionally, it keeps a list of burned registries which may serve
as a "withdrawal" request.

## Contract API

|                    |                      |
|--------------------|----------------------|
| Code Hash          | 10089491455344783515 |
| Testnet Account Id |                      |
| Mainnet Account Id |                      |

### Data Stack

| Name | Stack Index (0-based) | Initializable | Values | Description |
|------|-----------------------|---------------|--------|-------------|

### Methods:

| Method                 | Arg0 | Arg1     | Arg2     | Arg2       | Role/Permission | Description                                                                                                                                               |
|------------------------|------|----------|----------|------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Add Trackable Token    | 1    | Token Id |          |            | Creator         | Allows to set which Tokens are trackable (SIGNA is not trackable). Trackable Tokens are kept in a map                                                     |
| Remove Trackable Token | 2    | Token Id |          |            | Creator         | Removes a trackable token from map.                                                                                                                       |
| Credit Tracked Token   | 3    | Token Id | Quantity | Account Id | Creator         | If given Token Id is trackable, then this command credits token (in form of offchain payouts), giving AXT control of how much on payout is still pending. |

### Maps

| Description                          | Key 1    | Key 2      | Value    |
|--------------------------------------|----------|------------|----------|
| Trackable Tokens                     | 1        | Token Id   | [0,1]    |
| Individual Credits (Pending Payouts) | Token Id | Account Id | Quantity |

## Tests

Just run `yarn test` to run the tests.

Commit message:

feat: read only generic burn contract service

smart-contracts/burn-contract/README.md, after:

# Burn Contract

This smart contract keeps tokens as they were burned. Additionally, it keeps a list of burned registries which may serve
as a "withdrawal" request.

## Contract API

|                    |                      |
|--------------------|----------------------|
| Code Hash          | 10089491455344783515 |
| Testnet Account Id |                      |
| Mainnet Account Id |                      |

### Data Stack

| Name | Stack Index (0-based) | Initializable | Values | Description |
|------|-----------------------|---------------|--------|-------------|

### Methods:

| Method                 | Arg0 | Arg1     | Arg2     | Arg2       | Role/Permission | Description                                                                                                                                               |
|------------------------|------|----------|----------|------------|-----------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| Add Trackable Token    | 1    | Token Id |          |            | Creator         | Allows to set which Tokens are trackable (SIGNA is not trackable). Trackable Tokens are kept in a map                                                     |
| Remove Trackable Token | 2    | Token Id |          |            | Creator         | Removes a trackable token from map.                                                                                                                       |
| Credit Tracked Token   | 3    | Token Id | Quantity | Account Id | Creator         | If given Token Id is trackable, then this command credits token (in form of offchain payouts), giving AXT control of how much on payout is still pending. |
| Burn Token             |      |          |          |            | Anybody         | Everyone who sends a token to this contract, will automatically burn it, as this contract has no way to get received tokens and signa back                |

### Maps

| Description                          | Key 1    | Key 2      | Value    |
|--------------------------------------|----------|------------|----------|
| Trackable Tokens                     | 1        | Token Id   | [0,1]    |
| Individual Credits (Pending Payouts) | Token Id | Account Id | Quantity |

## Tests

Just run `yarn test` to run the tests.
